📝 Update README.md (#67)
marilari88/zod-playground: README.md

## Use Cases

- **Learning Zod by Doing**: Zod Playground shows you the validation results of multiple values immediately in the panels on the right.
- **Testing Different Zod Versions**: Switch between different versions of Zod using the version picker.
- **Sharing Schemas and Values**: Share your schema and values with other developers by clicking the Share button and sending the URL.
- **Debugging Complex Schemas**: Add multiple values to debug complex schema validation results.
- **Schema Development**: Any other activity related to building and updating Zod schemas.

## Features

- **Real-Time Validation**
- **Version Switching**
- **Shareable Links**
- **User-Friendly Interface**
- **Validation results Panels**
- **User friendly validation errors**
- **Dark/Light mode**

## Contribute

If you would like to contribute to Zod Playground, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. We welcome contributions of all kinds, including bug fixes, new features, and documentation improvements.

### Run locally

> To get started with Zod Playground, you will need to have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. Once you have these installed, you can clone the repository and run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Zod Playground development, you will need to have node.js and npm installed.
```

```sh

> npm install
> npm run dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/marilari88/zod-playground.git
cd zod-playground

npm i       # Install dependencies
npm run dev # Start the development server
```

```

> This will start the development server and open the app in your default browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Test

> Zod playground uses playwright to run E2E tests. Execute the following commands to run tests locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zod playground uses Playwright to run E2E tests.
To run tests locally, execute the following commands:
```

```sh
npm test:init
npm test
```

> This will start the development server and open the app in your default browser.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
